IOU - Non Polygon Filtered

label: wall 
 iou: 0.30120481927710846 
 union: 1826 pixels 
 intersection: 550 pixels
label: floor 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 353 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: cabinet 
 iou: 0.05405405405405406 
 union: 74 pixels 
 intersection: 4 pixels
label: bed 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 34 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: chair 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 190 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: sofa 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 360 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: table 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 306 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: door 
 iou: 0.2608695652173913 
 union: 92 pixels 
 intersection: 24 pixels
label: window 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 11 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: bookshelf 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 50 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: picture 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 27 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: counter 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 86 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: blinds 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: desk 
 iou: 0.010224948875255624 
 union: 489 pixels 
 intersection: 5 pixels
label: shelves 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 11 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: curtain 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: dresser 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 46035 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: pillow 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: mirror 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 7 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: floor_mat 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 50 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: clothes 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: ceiling 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 306 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: books 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: fridge 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: tv 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 35 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: paper 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 112 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: towel 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: shower_curtain 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: box 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 13 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: whiteboard 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 35 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: person 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: night_stand 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 7 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: toilet 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 34 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: sink 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: lamp 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: bathtub 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: bag 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
