IOU - Non Polygon Filtered

label: wall 
 iou: 0.22774193548387098 
 union: 1550 pixels 
 intersection: 353 pixels
label: floor 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 582 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: cabinet 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 61 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: bed 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 46 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: chair 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 192 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: sofa 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 360 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: table 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 458 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: door 
 iou: 0.06097560975609756 
 union: 82 pixels 
 intersection: 5 pixels
label: window 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 6 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: bookshelf 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 50 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: picture 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 10 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: counter 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 60 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: blinds 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: desk 
 iou: 0.06126126126126126 
 union: 555 pixels 
 intersection: 34 pixels
label: shelves 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 6 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: curtain 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: dresser 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 46095 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: pillow 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: mirror 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 8 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: floor_mat 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 50 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: clothes 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: ceiling 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 458 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: books 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: fridge 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: tv 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 37 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: paper 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 68 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: towel 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: shower_curtain 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: box 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 14 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: whiteboard 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 37 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: person 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: night_stand 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 8 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: toilet 
 iou: 0.0 
 union: 46 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: sink 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: lamp 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: bathtub 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
label: bag 
 iou: nan 
 union: 0 pixels 
 intersection: 0 pixels
